Add note about not using apt/dnf searches to AMLFS Client install docs (#3244)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-managed-lustre/includes/client-install-version-rhel-8-9.md

> [!NOTE]
> The metapackage version does not always align with the kernel version. Use the install command above to install the proper metapackage.

> > [!NOTE]
> > Running a `dnf search amlfs-lustre-client` does not show all available packages for your distro. To see all available `amlfs-lustre-client` packages, please run `dnf list --showduplicates "amlfs-lustre-client*"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
> Running a `dnf search amlfs-lustre-client` doesn't show all available packages for your distro. To see all available `amlfs-lustre-client` packages, run `dnf list --showduplicates "amlfs-lustre-client*"`.
```
